https://github.com/hzdawoud/Clinique

Clinique

Clinique is an Android application for doctors with their private clinics to manage their patients information and medical sessions.

Clinique is the prefect app for doctors to manage their patients history and each medical visit and keep track of everything in an easy to use application.
Clinique also makes sharing medical history of patients easier, ensuring the maximum probablity of safety and correct diagnosis

Table of contents

    About Clinique Team
    About Clinique
    Technical
    To Do List
    Screenshots

About Clinique Team

The Clinique app is developed and designed by a team consisting of 3 computer engineers: Amr Monzir, Khaled Shurrab, Hazem Dawoud. Our aim in developing this app is to fill a gap we noticed in the day to day work routine in clinics, as doctors and secretaries spend a great amount of time arranging paperwork tailored to each patient. Clinique is an app that aims to make a cinch out of this tiresome process.
About Clinique

With Clinique, a doctor will be able to store his patients' information along with their medical history and track the patients' progress through the recovery process, with easy storage and viewing of each medical visit of the patient (session). Clinique goes a step further to make the process of acquiring a medical history of each patient easier, if a patient has already been treated in any clinic signed into thi app, and with the patient's approval, his medical history can be stored securely and shared with other clinics using the app. To verify that the signed up clinics are actual clinics, we have an accompanying application we administer to verify the signed up accounts' information before they can use the application. (screenshot of accompanying application)
Technical

We developed this app using many development tools such as Android Studio, Gimp, Firebase, Visual Studio, Adobe XD. We started out the journey with Android, but we plan to expand the application to work with iOS and be accessable through web as well, as that way it would be the most convenient to use.

    We used Android Studio to develop the Android application with all its components.
    We used Gimp to create promotional photos.
    We used Firebase to store the data of the application's users.
    We used Visual Studio to create the accompanying application that verifies signing up clincs.
    We used Adobe XD to create the app design.

To Do List

    Changing the app design
    Preparing the patient history for sharing
    Making an accompanying desktop application for verifying signed up clinics.
    Adding a calendar of booked appointments
    Adding pen support for session writing
    Adding full tablet support

Screenshots

Screenshot
Promo Video (Click the image to view the video)

Watch the video
List of the Contributors on GitHub

    Contributors

License

    See LICENSE file
